No More Life in Space
=====================

No More Life in Space is a towerdefence game with partial procedurally generated maps and rogue-lite elements.

Story
-----

You control an advanced alien civilisation in search of a new home. The most promising planet is a pale, blue world at the edge of the milkyway. Unfortunatly, the world is already inhabited by a semi-intelligent species. 

Mechanics
---------

Goal of the game is to gather as many resources before being kicked of the planet to eventually overcome the defenders.
The gameworld is made up of isometric, 4 sided tiles of 96x96 pixels size.
The player starts with a MOTHERSHIP STRUCTURE at the origin coordinates (0,0) and a set amount of METAL. Tiles a certain distance (MOTHERSHIP.SIGHT) are hidden by FOW. Constructing turrents and structures advances the border of buildable terrain and reveals tiles. Defender units spawn from defender structures in a range from player buildings in waves. Waves spawn after the WAVE TIMER reaches 0 or the player triggers the next wave by STRIP MINIG. The bigger the revealed terretory, the shorter the wavetimer and the stronger the attacks.
If the controlled area exceeds a CONQUEST SIZE, the defenders are defeated.

Terrain generation
------------------ 

At the start of the game, a 128x128 map is generated  with the world origin at (64,64). If the edge of the map would fall in range of a player structure, a new chunk of terrain is generated. 

Science
-------

Mothership
----------

Sructures
---------


Resources
---------

The game tracks 2 resources:
	- metals
	- intelligence

METALS are harvested by HARVESTERS, static units with finite hitpoints. They automatically gather metals from their surrounding tiles. The denser the matter in those tiles, the higher their gathering rate.

Metal density of tiles is dependent on the TERRAIN TYPE (Enum) and POPULATION DENSITY (int). 

INTELLIGENCE is gathered by revealing more areas of the map, therefore by expansion of buildable terretory. Each player controlled structure has an 			- INFLUENCE,
	- a SIGHT,
	- a DETECTION,
	- and a ALERT
range. When a Tiles falls in the SIGHT range of a newly build structure, it counts for an amount of INTELLIGENCE and is revealed. Any visible enemy units and structres are revealed. A Tile in INFLUENCE range becomes buildable, if the TILE TYPE supports this. On tiles in DETECTION range stealth units are revealed.
The ALERT range is longer or equal then the other ranges. Enemy structures in alert range spawn units.
